# 新增物品

## 特别版用品

### 特别版商品

- **Foundation Day Celebration Crate**
  - This crate contains 10 PLEX, Sand of the Chosen Gloss - Limited, Imperial Gold Metallic - Limited, Divine Arch - Limited, Foundation Wisdom Background, Festival Launcher and a Crown Imperial Firework.

## 专家系统

### 标准专家系统

- **Amarr Pilot**
  - Amarr Pilot Expert System This Expert System makes available skills enabling a capsuleer to fly Amarr Tech 1 and Navy frigate-type, destroyer-type, cruiser-type, battlecruiser-type and battleship-type ships along with Amarr-focused supporting skills. The temporary skills provided by this Expert System last for seven days. An Expert System is a remote, restricted artificial intelligence providing you with access to certain skills during the active rental period. As it is independent from your clone and your capsule, an active Expert System is not lost on pod death or clone jump. Activating an Expert System Activation of an Expert System is automatic upon redemption of the item by the specific capsuleer intending to use the service. Expert Systems are a product developed by the PKN Interstellar consortium, made available over the HyperNet FTL communications network, and marketed by PKN Interstellar member corporations. An Expert System is a restricted AI based on artificial gelbrain technology. As the Expert System uses neural pathways based on those created by skill training or skill injection, it is compatible with capsule-ship interface and control systems. Real time command and control communication is achieved using dedicated FTL channels on PKN Interstellar's HyperNet.

# 新增飞船

本次更新未发现新飞船。

# 蓝图变更

## 新增蓝图

本次更新未发现新增蓝图。

## 蓝图变更

本次更新未发现蓝图变更。


# 物品属性变更

本次更新未发现物品属性变更。

